Changelog for 11-29-2024 (#2571)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2024-11-29.md

---
description: Organizations are GA! Also, a new Schema Diff GitHub Action, Postgres version updates, and more.
---

### Neon Organizations are GA! 🎉

> We're happy to announce that Neon **Organizations** is now **generally available** for all everyone looking to move their teams to Neon.

Reviewer: nit: "for everyone"?

![get started with your new org](/docs/manage/org_projects.png)

Create a new organization, transfer over your projects, invite your team members and get started collaborating. The Organizations feature lets you manage all of your team's projects under a single account — with billing, role management, and project transfer capabilities in one accessible location.

See [Neon Organizations](/docs/manage/organizations) to get started. Organizations is a paid account feature.

## Organization API keys

> Along with GA for Organizations, we're also announcing support for [Organizations](https://neon.tech/docs/manage/organizations). As an admin of an organization, you control your organization's API keys. These keys provide admin-level access to all organization resources, including projects, members, and billing information. See [Organization API keys](/docs/manage/orgs-api).

Reviewer 2: >Along with GA for Organizations, we're also announcing support for [Organizations](https://neon.tech/docs/manage/organizations).

i don't understand this sentence.

Author: Ah, that should have been "Organization API Keys"

Author: changed to:
Along with GA for Organizations, we're also announcing support for [Organization API Keys](/docs/manage/orgs-api). As an admin of an organization, you control your organization's API keys. These keys provide admin-level access to all organization resources, including projects, members, and billing information.

  - Fixed an authentication error that occurred when passing the `authToken` property only on the `sql` function.

  For the latest improvements and fixes for the Neon Serverless Driver, refer to the [Neon Serverless Driver Changelog](https://github.com/neondatabase/serverless/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

- **.NET support**

  We've added .NET to the list of supported connection strings for various languages and frameworks in the Dashboard. You can now find connection details for .NET in both the connection widget and the Quickstart.

  For more information on connecting to Neon with .NET, see [Connect a .NET (C#) application to Neon](/docs/guides/dotnet-npgsql).

- **Console updates**

  - We've added a **Monitor** button to each listed endpoint on your Branch details page. Click the button to open the **Monitoring** page, displaying metrics for this endpoint.

    ![monitor button on endpoint item](/docs/relnotes/monitor_button_endpoint_item.png)

  - Added quick compute size editing directly from the Branches page — just click the size link in the primary branch column to adjust your settings.

    ![branches table compute drawer](/docs/relnotes/branches_table_compute_drawer.png)

>   - We've modified our autoscaling range slider to better handle larger compute sizes and added a constraint: your maximum range can be no more than 8x your minimum.

Reviewer 3: remove this item. It's still under a feature flag, only visible to Neon employees.

Author: removed

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center'}}>
  <img src="/docs/relnotes/autoscaling_ratio.png" alt="autoscaling slider showing ratio limit of 8x min" style={{ width: '60%', maxWidth: '600px', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

- **Fixes**

>   - Improved validation of API key names: added length limits to the API specification and improved whitespace handling in the UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Improved validation of API key names: added a 64-character length limit for API key names to the API specification and improved whitespace handling in the UI.
```
